When compared to the previous year for applying for a research position, I took a lot of deliberation on which project to choose. Since there are over twice as available positions, it was a difficult decision to make as I would love to work on my personal top three projects. Out of the three, I believe that I am most interested in this project to both further the research in this field and provide back to the university. Ever since I took Digital Logic during my second semester at Ohio Northern, I became entranced by the possible applications and how it could be utilized in the real world. The interest continued throughout the summer and into my sophomore year, after I took Electric Circuits in the fall and learned about the various Electronic devices in the spring. Reading through the proposal of the new design for the Flash ADC, I became entranced by the possibilities of how to implement it both through prototyping and the final product. Hands-on learning and experimentation is one of my favorite steps of the design processes, and I have found that I can educate myself with much efficiency by using these methods. Furthermore, after taking an Evan's Fellowship position last semester and seeing how much professors care about their research at ONU, I became interested in continuing my education and getting a PhD in Computer Engineering to continue researching at Ohio Northern University or another institution for the rest of my life. I got a lot of experience relating to the research process last semester, and I would appreciate to use my skills in academic writing, novelty discover through literature review, circuits, and digital logic to help publish a paper over the summer and create the best product possible. I appreciate the opportunity that has been given, and I hope you consider me as a possible candidate for this position.