Date: 8th May 2025
Date Modified: 8th May 2025
File Folder: Kanban
#hwsw 

```ad-summary
 How would you design the board to be suitable for global distribution? Consider part availability, cost of shipping, and scalability.
- Electronic supply chain: What challenges might arise from the global electronic supply chain? How might you mitigate risks such as component shortages, supply delays, or tariff increases?
```

The current geo-political landscape of the world makes this question particularly difficult to answer. Designing a chip for global distribution will be difficult with domestic tariffs being as high as 145% for some countries [33].  The eastern part of the world makes a large number of the chips that go into the device, but the Texas Instruments chip is made in the United States. Because of this, the chip packaging needs to scale around the perfect middle-ground between the manufacturing super-powers and the more local PCB and Texas Instruments plant to maximize profits for the board. Due to the United States’ control over the flow of almost all major chip products, the packing facility will be placed in the US, with California or Washington State being a hot contender for a location [34]. The part availability is currently healthy, but could be harmed in the future much like how COVID-19 harmed the production lines then. It is also crucial that collaboration with the fabrication facilities across the seas are strong to avoid problems with our advanced chip production [35]. Shipping must be a requirement as the chip’s components will be coming from three/four major areas: ZYNQ’s fab, the Coral fab, Texas Instruments fab, and the local PCB maker if the PCB machine is not in-house. Collaboration between each of these areas is critical for a strong global network. When it comes to the global electronic supply supply chain, any harm caused to it will cause great problems for our board’s design. Any component shortages, delays, or further tariff increases will lead to direct delays for the board since it relies on the two components made overseas. To mitigate these risks, it is imperative that more alternatives are looked into for the CPU, FPGA, and the TPU that are manufactured domestically to avoid any problems with eastern fab component shortages. Another method is to heavily bulk buy the components when they are in stock and at a good price to avoid the negative downsides caused by the state of the global market.