Date: 8th May 2025
Date Modified: 8th May 2025
File Folder: Kanban
#hwsw 

```ad-summary
- Health/Safety: Are there any potential health or safety risks? How can these be minimized?
- Environmental: How can you make sure the board is environmentally friendly (e.g., energy efficiency, recyclable materials)? Consider any potential challenges in sourcing environmentally-friendly components globally.
```

When it comes to any AI processing device, there are always inherent health and safety risks around it. For more critical operations, devices that use AI become a liability as it has become more pervasive in our everyday life. The autonomy and opaqueness of AI make it so traditional faut-based frameworks struggle to work. Additionally, due to inconsistency in laws around AI globally, it can lead to unjust outcomes if a person is hurt by an AI device [28]. There are also many concerns around AI being used for medical use. The market around using AI for medical use has exploded over the past few years. However, there are many ethical concerns around how AI often operates as a “black box” systems as users can only see the inputs and outputs but not how the AI came to those conclusions. The unexplainably in such a system can introduce serious harm as it undermines the “do no harm” principle of practicing doctors. AI can misdiagnose or add errors to treatments, which cause direct harm. AI can also make decisions without the patient’s knowledge or consent, which harms their autonomy over themselves and can trick someone into a treatment they would otherwise not want [29]. There are also specific harmful cases involving AI such as Uber’s self-driving car causing the untimely death of a pedestrian on the sidewalk during an accident. To prevent such risks to be minimized, one solution is for AI designers to include UI for users to easily adjust safety constraints around AI to prevent the AI from doing something that may be harmful [30].

In terms of economical impacts, it is clear that the semiconductor industry as been the cause for a major environmental risk for many years. Pollution from manufacturing, high energy and material use, and e-waste accumulation over time makes the semiconductor industry one of the most wasteful and harmful around. Additionally, since there are no international standards for evaluating the impact of chips on the environment, the impact that chips have are often overlooked by many unfortunately [31]. Additionally, regardless of the size and technology used by the big chip manufactures, like TMSC and Samsung, does not have a better eco-efficiency on their chips. The need for a better energy system, especially for clean rooms, and better production lines are critical for prevent environmental impact [32]. To improve the environmental friendliness of our board, the boards will be made at a local fabrication facility due to it having a $28nm$ process to reduce harm caused by shipping. Additionally, already fabricated parts will be used where needed to reduce the carbon foot print of the chip. However, there are concerns with where the chips are manufactured. The ZYNQ-7000 is manufactured at TSMC in Taiwan, while the coral chip is made at Murata Manufacturing Co. in Japan [3, 8]. These shipping costs to the environment are concerning, but it is necessary as the ZYNQ-7000 chip is required for the final project.  
