#DigitalLogic 

Ever since I started using computer technologies when I was young, I was enthralled with how they worked. The way that I was able to watch movies, play games, and have the knowledge of the world at my fingertips was inspiring and almost magical for me. As I grew older, I started to realize the reality that came with such power. Computers, just like everything, has possible exploits that can do as little as having ads popup on the screen to shutting down large servers and costing companies millions to billions of dollars. However, instead of becoming discouraged, I became determined and my passion burned brighter. Cybersecurity has been a forefront of my life for a long time. From discouraging my family from downloading suspicious links to making sure they reset their passwords often, I have tried to excercise as much caution as to not get affected by these possible cyberattacks. My interests in this field grew even stronger after I learned about using exploits on consumer hardware. Since I learned about jailbreaking, I have found a way to put custom software on my iPhone, Nintendo Switch, Wii, Wii U, and 3ds. Through these experiences and how interesting it was that a single software or hardware exploit could break open a phone or console's security, I knew that cybersecurity was the field I wanted to go into. After I explained my interest in this field to Dr. Khan, I was sent an email about this research opportunity, and it was like a dream come true. Even though I may be a freshman without much knowledge in programming AI, I will be willing to put my absolute all into this project just like I do for the rest of my classes and work I do. I am a fast learner that can learn both under instruction and through self-taught trials. I appriciate the opportunity that has been given, and I hope you consider me as a possible canidate for this position  